---
title: Bone Wolf
permalink: wiki/Bone_Wolf/
layout: wiki
tags:
 - Enemies
 - Ninjago
 - Skulkin
---

**Bone Wolves** are enemies in the
[Ninjago Monastery](/wiki/Ninjago_Monastery "wikilink"). They are found in the
[Ninjago Caverns](/wiki/Ninjago_Caverns "wikilink") and in the
[FrakjawBattle](/wiki/Frakjaw "wikilink") Instance. They have around 90 hit
points. They attack by slashing at players (a slow attack that does 5
damage), howling, which stuns players for a short period, and leaping
into the air and slamming down, creating a shockwave that does 7 damage
and knocks players down. In Frakjaw Battle, Bone Wolves can "teleport"
players inward with their shock wave attacks, which they use *much* more
often. Bone Wolves are the only featured enemies in a LEGO Club Magazine
that were made into the Ninjago Monastery. Bone Beetles, Bone Vultures,
and the Underhand were going to be made into the Ninjago Fire Temple,
but now are never going to be made into the Fire Temple, because of the
closing of LEGO Universe.

**Strategies and Tips:**

-   Move to the side just as the Bone Wolf is about to howl. Their
    follow-up slash attack will have a higher chance of missing you
    while you're stunned.
-   Listen for the Bone Wolf to make a rattling sound and/or crouch and
    wag it's tail. This means it's about to use it's shock wave attack.
-   In general, Bone Wolves are easier to battle without other Skullkin
    interfering. Single one out using the offhand powers of the Scythe
    of Quakes or the Nunchucks of Lightning.
-   The level most likely needed to defeat this enemy is about 25.  

[Bone Wolf LXF File
Download](http://k003.kiwi6.com/hotlink/56w9ukuow5/cre_ngo_bone_wolf.lxf)

## LEGO Club Magazine description

*When the Bone Wolf slinks close, it’s getting ready to pounce! Jump out
of the way and then counterattack with a few melee strikes! Ninjas that
think ahead will charge up Earth Spinjitsu and wait for the beast to
pounce. It’ll get stunned when it hits your whirling tornado of dust and
dirt, then release a Spinjitsu attack and make that Wolf howl!*

## Gallery

NinjagoEnemy2.JPG\|Bone Wolf Concept Art Lu wolf.jpg\|Concept art by
Mike Rayhawk Bone Wolf.jpg\|A Bone Wolf in the Cave of Ancient Ways Bone
Wolf.png\|A Bone Wolf in-game Picture 18.png\|A Bone Wolf attacks
Picture 20.png\|A Bone Wolf ready to howl Bone Wolf LDD.png\|Official
LXF Model of the Bone Wolf
