---
title: Alpha Test Phase
permalink: wiki/Alpha_Test_Phase/
layout: wiki
---

## Signup Opportunities

### LEGO Kids Inner Circle

As far as the general public is aware, the first users to receive
invites to the LEGO Universe Alpha Test phase were members of the LEGO
Kids Inner Circle; however, only those who joined before December 7 were
invited. Other users were not included, with absolutely no exceptions to
be found.

### CES 2010

Along with the announcement of a LEGO Universe beta test, visitors at
CES 2010 were allowed to signup for LEGO Universe Alpha testing,
although it was referred to as beta testing at the event. A live demo
was also available at the event for everyone to try.

## Secrecy

After signing a Declaration of Secrecy during the Alpha Test signup
process, Alpha testers were bound to withold any video or photographic
evidence of LEGO Universe gameplay. (Although several videos taken at
CES 2010 can be found online.) Later on, it was found that Alpha testers
were permitted to share text-based descriptions of the game - with
friends and family alone. No one has yet been found to have broken this
declaration.

## Beta Transition

During the recent beta hype, and shortly after the end of the Alpha Test
phase, a patch was released to Alpha testers, which included some sort
of schedule lineup of the Beta test event. At the time, it displayed
Thursday, February 25 as the first open date. However, this date was
later extended. As of now, alphas are currently beta testing LEGO
Universe, although it has been confirmed that everyone else who signed
up will be accepted soon.
