---
title: Bonezai
permalink: wiki/Bonezai/
layout: wiki
tags:
 - Enemies
 - Ninjago
 - Canon Immigrants
 - Named Enemies
---

**Bonezai** is the [Skeleton of Ice](/wiki/Named_Enemies "wikilink").

Bonezai traveled to the [Ninjago Caverns](/wiki/Ninjago_Caverns "wikilink"),
seeking the Shuriken of Ice kept in the [Ice
Shrine](/wiki/Ice_Shrine "wikilink"). [Sensei Wu](Sensei_Wu "wikilink") sends
players to defeat Bonezai and recover the Shurikens of Ice.

Flanked by two [Skeleton Raiders](/wiki/Skeleton_Raider "wikilink"), Bonezai
battles players at the Ice Shrine. With
[Maelstrom](/wiki/Maelstrom "wikilink")-infused armor and a reforged pickaxe,
Bonezai can use Maelstrom [Spinjitzu](/wiki/Spinjitzu "wikilink") that causes
Maelstrom Poisoning on impact. When smashed, Bonezai drops a [Quick
Build](/wiki/Quick_Build "wikilink") that assembles a
[Bouncer](/wiki/Bouncer "wikilink") to an Ice Lantern, which players must use
to access the Ice Shrine and the Shruikens of Ice.

On a hot day, [Furious Urufu](/wiki/Furious_Urufu "wikilink") sends players to
smash Bonezai and take his eye bone, which he perceives as a frozen
treat.

## Related Missions and Achievements

-   [The Shurikens of Ice](/wiki/The_Shurikens_of_Ice "wikilink")
-   [Bone's Eye](/wiki/Bone's_Eye "wikilink")
-   [Smash Bonezai!](/wiki/Smash_Bonezai! "wikilink")

## Character Sheet on LEGO.com

Skeleton of Ice  
Weapon of choice: Pickaxe  
Skulkin color: White  
Strength: Stealth

Bonezai is very, very cold... so don't let him touch you, or his frozen
fingers will freeze your life.

Bonezai is so cold that he makes ice feel warm. Bonezai is so cold that
he gives the chills the chills. Bonezai is so cold that can freeze your
shadow, so stay clear of Bonezai... even if he offers you yummy ice
cream.

## Before LEGO Universe

Bonezai originates from the LEGO Ninjago line.

Bonezai is an engineer who designed Skulkin vehicles. He is a minion of
[Lord Garmadon](/wiki/Lord_Garmadon "wikilink") and formerly Lord Samukai, and
was sent by his masters to collect the Four Weapons of Spinjitzu. His
actual in-story role has been minimal, although Bonezai attempted to
steal the Golden Scythe of Quakes but was ambushed by
[Kai](/wiki/Kai "wikilink"). Appearing as a "Builder", Bonezai also makes a
playable appearance in *LEGO Battles: Ninjago*.

## Trivia

-   Bonezai's name is a play on the word "bone" and Japanese battle cry
    "banzai".
-   All generic Skulkins of [LEGO Universe](/wiki/LEGO_Universe "wikilink")
    use Bonezai's facial textures.
-   Unlike the other three named Skeletons in the Ninjago Monastery, the
    player is never sent to take Bonezai's weapon and purify it.

## External links

-   [Bonezai at Brickipedia, the LEGO wiki](w:c:lego:Bonezai "wikilink")

## References

<references/>

## Gallery

Bonezai.png\|Bonezai In-game Bonezai1.png\|Bonezai artwork
