---
title: Bird
permalink: wiki/Bird/
layout: wiki
tags:
 - NPCs
 - Gameplay
 - Animal
---

*This article is about the character. For the item, see [Neck
Items](/wiki/Neck_Items "wikilink").*

**Birds**are animals that appear in certain places around LEGO Universe.
They are often shown as 2D scenery, similar to certain kinds of trees.
There are two types of 3D bird models used in game, one being based off
of a generic parrot brick, the other a small brick-built creation.

## Appearances

In [Avant Gardens](/wiki/Avant_Gardens "wikilink"), [Avant
Grove](/wiki/Avant_Grove "wikilink"), and the [Block
Yard](/wiki/Block_Yard "wikilink"), they can be seen rising as flocks into the
sky. These are 2D models, and serve no role in the game.

When [Jack Knife](/wiki/Captain_Jack_Knife "wikilink") steals [Numb
Chuck's](/wiki/Numb_Chuck "wikilink") treasure, he hides it in a chest at
[Pirate Camp](/wiki/Pirate_Camp "wikilink"), which is guarded by two birds
atop watch poles, as well as an angry flock who appear if the player
gets too close to the chest. They apparently are loyal to pirates.
Consequently, they have the pirates' poor ability to detect
[Ninjas](/wiki/Ninjas "wikilink"). If players equip a Maelstrom-Infused Ninja
Hood from [Forbidden Valley](/wiki/Forbidden_Valley "wikilink"), they become
invisible to the parrots.

The foot race in [Nexus Tower is](/wiki/Nexus_Tower_(World) "wikilink") run by
the [Foot Race Parrot](/wiki/Nexus_Tower_Foot_Race "wikilink"), who is located
in the [Venture League Map Room](/wiki/Venture_League_Map_Room "wikilink"). He
has apparently been tamed by [Hael Storm](/wiki/Hael_Storm "wikilink"),
however his cousins have not, and at one point 8 parrots escape Hael's
grasp. Venture League members are asked by Hael to recover them for him.

In Forbidden Valley, ravens can be seen flying around. They are not
mused by the players, and have no animations towards them. The same
model, albeit colouring, is used on [The
Monument](/wiki/The_Monument "wikilink") for seagulls who continue to land and
mess up the painting of the Monument, much to the dismay of [Rusty
Steele](/wiki/Rusty_Steele "wikilink").

## Trivia

-   When looking at the sky from [Avant
    Gardens](/wiki/Avant_Gardens "wikilink"), [Block
    Yard](/wiki/Block_Yard "wikilink"), or [Avant
    Grove](/wiki/Avant_Grove "wikilink"), you can see a flock of birds rising
    into the sky.
-   [Numb Chuck](/wiki/Numb_Chuck "wikilink") is afraid of ravens.
-   [Dee the Chickadee](/wiki/Dee_the_Chickadee "wikilink") is the only bird
    to offer a mission.

## Gallery

Squawk.png\|Red and green birds.
